This is a head-gum original.
We met Title this episode, Hodge Podge,
because no one here knows each other.
We've got Billy Skiffiery from the Nojup podcast,
Emmy Award winner we should say.
We've got Alex Burkeman making her head-gum podcast debut.
What is your job time?
Senior Crater Partnerships Manager.
Huge, so you get ads.
You get branded content.
Crater is enjoying the platform.
Crater is to join the platform.
We're not going to be my fourth.
We're just listed what he thinks people in an office do.
So you get ads?
I don't actually work at this network.
Corey Lane returning.
You were at your episode as a hit.
So we had W back.
Thank you.
Also I needed someone else.
Oh, wow.
You should practice quitting while you're ahead.
When you're complimenting people.
Well, I tried to get you in Madison to come.
She couldn't do it.
And then you said yes.
And so then I was like, who else can you know?
I've a very lowly supervised work from home job.
Yeah.
And we should say you work for a government agency.
I do work for a government agency.
Murdieka Brownlee on the sex.
Obviously Casey Donna, you on the facts.
We've got you on a voice of God, Mike.
Yeah.
That's right.
Let's keep you highly active during this episode.
Jeff's committed nervous.
I'm coming.
He feels untill right now.
It's just me.
We did in episode.
Was that?
I was.
You're talking about me.
But you guys talk about me.
What's going on?
We just did an episode.
The morning at 10.
Now it's noon.
And that one was the episode that was more outlined.
We have a plan here.
But it really relies on your guys' personality.
Is your joy or inner child.
May I ask you a question?
You may not.
Okay.
Murdieka, you have anything for me?
Do I have anything for you?
Questions concerns from New York City.
Yeah.
I'd like to know what the door dash or their that we just received is.
We'll get there.
That's actually the last segment.
Do you want to start with that segment?
We can start with that segment.
What?
Don't put this on me.
You're the one that just timed thing poorly.
I didn't time things make it.
I didn't want.
What do you want me to do?
I scheduled it ahead to get there at noon so that it would be there for sure.
And if there are any issues, any refunds, any substitutions, like it's still
order it.
You always complain that when I order things for this show in LA, that I don't set it to
you in New York.
The first time I do it, I get lumbasted by you.
I never even ever ordered things for this show in LA, period.
You just said things to a mirror at random hours of the night.
That's true.
One time I sent a mirror.
DJ Khaled's wings or like chicken wing company ghost kitchen through door dash.
I didn't know he was out of town.
So this food sat there on his doorstep, rotting wing.
No, it was wings.
It wasn't the worst.
That was a lot of stereotype.
It was a lot of stereotype.
It was out of town for days.
It just didn't have claims casino.
So I had to get the last thing in the door.
Have to.
Is the thing that you should explore in that sentence.
You didn't have to do eddy of that.
I disagree.
You recorded a podcast today, Tanya.
Yep.
Yesterday.
You gave me a five minute window to respond.
If I could do a Tanya on podcast today.
And you said, Oh, we lost that.
We lost that window.
We did.
Well, what do you mean we did?
Because you just said you recorded a Tanya.
I filled up.
Okay.
So I lost that.
You lost.
Oh, I might have not worried it correctly.
Correct.
To address the energy coming into this podcast.
Can I just ask real quick?
Were they unkind to you in the podcast this morning?
Was anybody mean to you?
Um, who was on that one?
It was Billy brick.
And my friends sess Lee and Lucy.
Comedians.
Oh, I love them.
Yeah.
Uh, we do.
Great.
Those are just like people that would be mean to you.
Would or would not.
They don't sound like they were kind of mean.
Oh, were they?
I think Billy would be mean to you.
Yeah.
I guess I don't know Billy.
The other two people.
Um, we did a squad off.
It was, uh, two squads to handle.
Too many squads to handle.
Uh, was the name of the game.
We did.
Who can do the most squads in three minutes?
Well, also being bombarded by questions.
Who won?
I did technically.
Look, setting up games for you to win.
I didn't think I was going to.
Anyway, and then Sess Lee won.
But what inspired the squad off?
Uh, I came up with the titles to too many squads to handle and then kind of back
my way.
Well, I backed that ass up.
I also backed my way into what the game was.
I don't even understand the play on words for too many squads.
Well, I tried, you know, we tried to do like game shows, uh, inspired segments.
Oh, and that's too hot to handle.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Take help, Corey.
I got you.
Good.
Look it out.
Um, you've been on the show before.
You've been on the show before.
Marie Gunn fortunately is like a weekly staple.
Alex, what do you want people to know about you?
Uh, what do you want to point to people to, uh, four zeros?
And very hungover today.
Really?
So far from the company dinner.
Yes.
Wow.
Now I wish I had gone instead of outlining this.
For three hours.
So I'm actively trying not to die.
Uh, I can't believe you said yes.
I asked Alex 10 minutes ago.
She wanted to be on this episode because of your build.
You don't have to do this if you're really hungover.
But I really appreciate you powering through.
I think it felt right.
I felt like a good fit.
I'm already in pain.
Why not just double it under this podcast.
It's like when you're sad and you listen to like sad songs.
Yeah.
Lean in.
How was the party?
It was great.
Yeah.
Fun.
Had a lot of wine.
Was it wine?
Yeah.
It was a lot of wine.
Did anybody embarrass themselves?
Casey.
Well, look at the fresh.
Casey was wearing his bolo tie.
And always wearing.
Casey's.
Alex.
Alex told me how.
Sharp.
I liked it.
It really made my night.
It seems to have also made your this morning.
Yeah.
You're glowing.
That's a beautiful smile.
It's really nice to get a compliment on my clothes, you know.
Yeah.
I don't think I've ever been as happy as you look right now.
That reminds me.
I'm also not.
Casey.
Would you just give me your finger now?
Pretty good.
What did you do?
I just wanted to say one thing.
Which is that I saw a cowboy ask shirt that I've been meaning to send you.
And so I'm going to do that now.
Finally.
Because this reminded me of that.
Okay.
Great.
Can't wait to see it.
What did I do last night?
Is what you asked Jeff?
Yeah.
I watched the Netflix movie.
The Noel Diary, which wasn't very good.
But I had a hoot in the hall there.
Hmm.
Was Marika on your other episode?
No.
Okay.
So is your first time in here?
Hi, nice to meet you Marika.
Am I the only one asking what you kind of speed things up a little bit?
Speed things up.
So maybe this is a little bit.
I think that's like a vibe.
It's a vibe.
It is one of the, I'd say, top complaints.
That I see on the internet about myself.
But I don't really care.
I think it takes confidence to operate at your own speed Marika.
Let's keep things going with everyone.
Bond of the week.
Just a dude.
I don't know.
Alex, have you ever heard the show?
No.
Oh.
Bond.
You're still doing this.
My image of you.
She'd like to have to find you.
You're already here.
Yeah.
She doesn't have to research you as a creator.
You're here.
She's listening to other people.
See if they want to come on the podcast.
Exactly.
Right.
I did.
Listen to one episode.
Which episode?
It was literally you just like telling a very long story.
It was the audiobook episode.
Yes.
And I didn't understand what was going on whatsoever.
I was very confused.
That's because I couldn't book any guests that week.
And we had to put some shit out.
And so I read a chapter from this book that we do in, like,
bits about on this show.
And he way.
We do the segment called Bond of the week.
Dingo Craig is out as double a seven.
And so every week until the next James is cast,
we're lobbing up our pick as for the next Bond.
This week, my pick is Billy Ska Fury.
Thank you.
I think what's that?
Got it.
You're already jacked.
You don't have to work out for the role.
Okay.
And I also think lustic could be the gadgets guy.
Oh, he is a human gadget.
Just quit Twitter.
He quit Twitter.
He's a musk.
Goes a musk.
Yeah.
I hope that the whole thing goes belly up because I'd love to have less social media.
I found it funny that one of my close friends Adam quit social media.
Right around the same week that you said, if I get to 10,000 followers,
I'll post my ass.
So please email me.
I saw your ass.
Yeah.
So two different directions there.
One of very sweaty kind of, like, please follow me.
I need followers.
Oh, I'm like, good here.
I think that's the perfect thing to go out on.
Or go out with.
And ass?
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you see my ass on Twitter?
Hmm.
Interesting.
It's professionally better that way.
Yeah.
I hired a boot to our photographer because I got to 10,000 followers.
And then I rented a peer space loft took on very tasteful photo of my ass posted
to the internet.
We were downtown this weekend.
And you're like, that's the loft that I took picture of my ass.
Yeah.
That was like, that's awesome.
That's true.
That's such casual.
Have you seen my ass on Twitter?
That loft.
Sorry.
Marie, go on second.
Yeah.
I've got my meanness back.
It's been a couple of weeks where I kind of ramed it in.
But I think it's the turtle neck.
I thought you're going to be nice today.
Yeah.
I did say right before we recorded it.
It was like, maybe I'll be nice to everybody.
And then I realized I didn't want to do that.
Yeah.
Definitely wouldn't.
My bond of the week is Casey in his bowloat tie.
Hmm.
Wow. Nice.
That's cool.
I agree.
This is huge for me.
What a day.
Casey, have you ever worn a bowloat work?
No.
I haven't.
Do you like for events?
I don't.
I kind of gave up regular ties and I've switched to bowloat.
Yeah.
I got a handful of them.
Nice.
And it's a real compliment getter.
You're kind of a uniform guy, I would say.
Like you play within the uniform.
But I kind of know what to expect from you, which is a cool thing.
Wow.
This is huge for me.
I think it's the nice episode only.
Like across the booth.
I also left the,
that we're, we keep describing the only person
I'm not a camera.
Fun's the week.
Do you guys have anybody ideas for the next James?
Uh, yeah.
I think I'm ready to do it.
Me.
Cory Peter Land.
Yeah.
I think that they haven't had an Irish bond.
And they've also not had a Jewish bond.
And I can do both.
That sounds like every Brit's worst nightmare.
We just come in there and take their jobs and have sex with their wives.
So you, but that was like their problem like 50 years ago.
They've got other problems now, but 50 years ago.
They were really worried about us.
Irish and Jewish people.
Yeah.
So your, your cast is bond today.
What do you do?
Shooting starts in let's say March.
Yeah.
Are you changing the hair?
Are you just trimming the beard?
Uh, I'm getting worse.
You're getting more layered, longer.
Um, I, I do clean up my unibrow.
I'm going to let it go.
Yep.
Uh, I'm going to go on like an ice cream diet.
I'm going to be the first.
You do the Ryan Gosling.
Yeah.
I'm going to be 400 pounds.
And then you, you show up on day one.
Yeah.
And they're like, Weezister Lane.
Right this way to hair and makeup.
And you say, Oh, no.
No hair makeup for me.
I've done it.
Yeah.
And then do you do your own stunts?
Of course.
But do you train for them?
No.
Uh, and I die on set like the, the crow.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's it.
It's contract.
Yeah.
And so they never really comes out.
But all your interactions with women aren't like being
Swav betting them.
It's not very uncomfortable.
Nothing that you can really quite put a finger on is wrong.
But so you prepare for the movie like the crow.
And then you quote the Raven to never more.
Yeah.
And then I die.
And everyone's like, That's okay.
Yeah.
I think cast that guy's bond anyway.
He hasn't really done much.
And then he like killed himself.
Essentially.
I remember you asking this of starting this game.
The James Bond game that we're playing right now.
Like 50 episodes ago when I was on.
And it's just shocked that it's lasted this long.
I'm fucking waiting on Barbara broccoli to make the decision.
Like Barbara broccoli to produce her bond.
And she's like, that sounds like a fucking last name.
Yeah.
And the guy who started the first Don string bean.
Fucking bojack horsemen as names.
Jamie and Edamame.
I said track 50 episodes going.
I still think track would make a great part.
Yeah.
I guess he'd be like.
Let me happen on that kind of like pseudo killing yourself.
Yeah.
You can kill yourself on it, too.
How are you feeling right now, Jeff?
Well, I'm starting to sore off cold brew.
My cortisol levels are all over the fucking place because I haven't had water.
And I didn't eat anything this morning.
Alex, do you have any ideas for bonds?
The next James Bond.
I would have to go with Larry David.
That'd be good.
That's a good one.
That's a really good one.
Yeah.
I just want to be cringing the whole time.
And it all takes place.
Like a freight that he's going to keel over from stunts or just like his general demeanor general demeanor.
But maybe maybe killing over to.
A grumpy bond.
Yeah.
Who wants to be here?
That's what the software runs.
No.
He's so put upon every time that he's like called in to solve something.
He's like, oh.
And also when the bond girl dies, he's like.
Larry.
Larry Bond.
The whole movie takes place like west of Satell.
But north of Venice and south of the palace.
It's where Jewish people live.
That's just where all of Kerburentusia's in place.
Never mind.
Except for your catch you in a.
Yeah.
Anti-Semitic.
Let's take it into news of the day.
A recent CNBC article argues that.
COVID-19 changed the dating landscape.
And argues for sober first dates instead of like getting a drink.
What do you guys think the best first date is?
Genuine answer.
Yeah.
This is a genuine question.
Okay.
Like a first date that didn't start off as a first date.
But then by the end you're like, oh, this is a first date.
You've accidentally.
Are the last two people somewhere.
Are you or the first two people somewhere.
And you get someone on one time.
And then by the end you're like, oh.
And then when you do go on what is technically your first date,
it kind of feels like a second date.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I've actually.
That's happened before.
Yeah.
It's great.
It's organic.
A lot of the best relationships I've had have started that way.
Yeah.
Shout out.
Uh.
Hey, man.
Who are you pointing to?
Camera two.
Shout out.
Oh, yeah.
Let's keep going.
I'll leave it all out.
Maria.
Let's hear it.
Faster.
How is it?
We put me on the spot.
I don't know.
In the door dash bag is some speed.
So actually, let's.
Like get that instructor speed.
Yeah.
Just like prolonging it because you're just complaining.
And it's taking longer.
I think like a walk.
Somewhere like in a park.
Yeah.
You know how like I forget which acting school this is.
But it's like, uh, paying attention to your physicality and like what
center of your body you lead with informs the character.
You have your nose so high up in the air.
Yeah.
Your energy is like snooty and whole year then out today.
Whoa.
So uncalled for.
No, I'm just I've bones to pick with.
Is that like second city?
Okay.
Yeah.
Pick the bones then.
What was it?
Mostly that in the speed with which you're talking.
What's your walk in the park you said?
Yeah.
I mean, we're all obviously team Marika.
I just want to go meet and clear that up right now.
Right.
No one is hiding with Jeff.
The TV.
You know, I was to get out of here.
Yeah.
I broke the TV.
The TV even once to leave right now.
Um.
All in.
So.
I can't.
Can't.
Maybe like this has to be fixed.
Uh, and go ahead and look at one of the cameras to show them how great
you look today because I think that we've been talking about you a lot.
You look really good.
Hey.
Um.
Yeah.
If I may come in on your body language, I think that if we were in the same room,
you'd be like attacking Jeff.
And would you want me to do that for you?
Uh.
Yeah.
That would be great.
Cool.
I think there's like also a delay problem.
And I feel like if I were just like in the same room, it'd be like slightly faster.
No.
Jeff is just.
Jeff is just being Jeff.
You've done nothing wrong.
Yeah.
What so ever.
You're.
Yeah.
I know you're aware, but I just want you to hear it from someone else.
Because we're trying to make sense of what's happening and you're fine.
You're perfect.
Just the way you are.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much.
Agreed.
You said her nose is so high up in the air.
You use words like snooty.
Yeah.
Holy.
I don't know.
You said.
Holy.
No.
Oh.
You're pulling down.
Uh.
So we've got group hang lingering and then first.
Okay.
Miss hear graduation.
What?
That's.
No.
One on one time within a group setting and then your first actual date feels like a second.
We've got walk in the park.
What do you guys got?
Hit us with it.
I like walk in the park and I will just add to that.
That by the end of the walk, you'll maybe both know kind of your point.
Do we want this to keep going?
Yeah.
Do we want to get fries now?
Do we want to share a plate of fries or something like that?
It doesn't have to be like big meal.
We're suddenly someone's going broke or someone's like clocking how much money's going
in and out.
But I do like the idea of like a free simple event and then we could decide, hey, you
want to keep this going a little longer.
Yeah.
And I think day dates.
I'll just say day dates.
Really.
There's just so much.
I don't know.
To me, night time comes with night life comes with hooking up.
All that energy is kind of just all mixed up in there.
That's fair.
Yeah.
So on the sober point, I think a day date is a nice way to start.
I thought you meant gifting them a Rolex day date.
Excuse me.
Alex?
I'd have to go with the way that me and my boyfriend met with playing Edward
Forty Hands.
Wow.
A bar in Ilevista.
They let you play that at a bar.
Everybody.
Who duct, who duct tape the forties to your hands?
The bouncer.
Yeah.
Wait.
What a bar.
Yeah.
I've never heard of somebody like Edward.
You go to UCSB.
Yeah.
I feel like just that city is owned by a university culture.
I live as this.
Yes.
That's awesome.
I do.
I didn't get in.
Who put them on your hands?
I would.
I think just friends.
Yeah.
It wasn't a one on one day.
It was just kind of like.
That would be so funny.
I didn't think it was.
They asked her here across the table.
But you just had two forties duct tape.
Two of your hand electrodynamics.
That is who that is.
That is hepy ounces of vault liquid.
That is really fun.
I'll have the bar chop just splashing弟 on your floor.
Then what was the second date.
Let's flip, cut.
Kind of act good.
No.
Honestly, it was month later.
a jazz bar dinner situation.
Of course, the natural four hands to jazz bar.
And that's the spectrum of data.
Yeah, jazz club or Edward Fortyhands.
Those are the two end.
Yes.
That's awesome.
And when was the moment you realized this is the guy for me?
Mm.
About three months in.
That's the way.
What's that so many dates?
Well, no, not long term.
I mean, just that you wanted to pursue it more than like a casual thing.
The first time.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's fun.
We don't have to move on.
Well, not to a new segment, but to more news of the day.
Also a Percy NBC in the US, you can quote, legally be fired for any reason or no reason
at all.
Let's talk about it.
How do I still have employment here?
I was expecting I'm here to be on this episode and I thought he would jump down my
throat immediately on the one.
I could maybe not speak for him to speak to that.
Yeah.
I think that you're a good looking guy.
That's not good for comedy.
Well, no, and you didn't let me finish.
That is about it.
Just hot.
Yeah, you're really hot.
The long people give you people that you do so.
The long lost remains of the last known Tasmanian tiger have been found in a cupboard.
Wait, we're just off that.
We have to keep it rolling.
Okay.
I mean, what was the last word five minutes to Marieka's draw?
What was it in a cupboard?
The long lost remains of the last known Tasmanian tiger.
Who's covered?
That's crazy.
That's a great question.
That's what I want to know.
Good.
A cupboard.
Not even a closet.
Yeah.
Like a pantry.
Like next to the baking soda, they found this Tasmanian tiger, like what's
a cupboard?
Exactly.
It's like a pantry.
I think.
A small closet.
Okay.
The Wall Street Journal reports on my talk.
I don't want cash anymore.
They want robots.
What's a robot?
Glad you asked.
It's a digital currency that does not appreciate and value like crypto, but really
just exists within the Roblox games, which I don't really know what those are either.
It's like if Leggo's made a game.
Kind of.
Got it.
It's like, you know, Roblox.
Or like, kind of like Leggo's that you can't swallow.
They made a game.
That's online that kids play.
That sounds like a game in and of itself though.
Don't swallow the leggo.
It's like hot potato.
You have to put as many in your mouth without it's
thinkfully swallowing one.
The co-hosts of Good Morning America, fucked each other.
I love the body reset for each one of these news.
So I'm telling us about a lot.
Are you guys here to read this?
Yeah, thoughts.
Have you guys heard about this?
Yeah.
Of course.
It's so funny.
So fittingly named.
Here's what you need to know.
Paparazzi shots of them co-zing up and holding hands and visiting each other's
New York City apartments of surfaced.
Rumors are circulating that they fucked off to a private college in the New York City
set-on on New York Mountains.
And on their last broadcast, one host said, who's looking forward to the weekend?
And the other said, I am.
And there was a third host that said nothing.
Best of all, I wanted to screen share this.
The last Instagram post from the guy TJ Holmes was this.
This particular, this was an anniversary post for his wife.
This particular decade challenges a little late, so he didn't even post on the day.
But 10 years, merely fee-big married me and despite my best effort, she remained married
to me the past 10 years.
That's not hyperbole.
I'm not being dramatic.
I gave her plenty of reasons, excuses, and opportunities to walk her fine ass out the door.
But instead with her built-in black woman, superpowers, she showed a grace and patience
that's incomprehensible.
Asking her for another 10 years would be asking too much, another 10 months.
That might even be a stretch.
If she gave me another 10 weeks, I should consider myself lucky if she puts me up with
me for another 10 days.
I'd be grateful, but if she could even spare another 10 minutes of her time for me today,
I would consider myself blessed.
Um, Casey, can you leave the echo in for all of this?
Uh, oh my god, can I have the remote, Jeff?
Please.
Yep.
Oh nice.
Oh wow, lucky dog seems to be playing on the phone channel.
Let's watch TV for the next 10 or so.
Sorry, lucky dog seems to be playing on the phone channel.
So fun.
It's just three of words I've ever heard in my life.
Everything's coming apart.
Oh no.
That's the halfway point.
We all knew this would happen.
Let's take a break.
Well, thanks for watching.
Why?
Yeah.
Turn your volume back up.
As this show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
I'm a huge fan of BetterHelp.
I love what they're doing to expand access to therapy.
I'm in therapy every week.
I say at every time I have an ad read for them, it is extremely important to my life.
And again, you know, you don't have to be actively dealing with like a deep trauma to go
to therapy.
Like the reason I go to therapy is to be a better version of myself to understand myself
more so that, you know, the little things don't bother you so that, you know, things don't
grow under resentment or insecurities.
Like just being able to talk with somebody about what you're dealing with, what you're
thinking about.
Even if it's neutral, you will learn something about yourself every week.
And that's where BetterHelp comes in, right?
Because life doesn't come with a user manual.
BetterHelp by a nontherapy is basically the next best thing.
Navigating any of life's challenges can make you feel unsure whether it's a career change,
a new relationship, or becoming a parent, and therapists are trained to help you figure out
the cause of these challenging emotions and learn productive coping skills, which makes
therapy the closest thing to a guided tour of the complex engine called you.
It really does.
Again, I'm in therapy every week.
I could not recommend it enough.
I really think, especially all the mail identifying people out there.
There's no shame in going to therapy.
I've been in therapy for three years.
And you know, you got to feel your feelings, guys.
You got to be able to communicate them healthily, you know, and calmly.
As the world's largest therapy service BetterHelp has matched three million people with
professionally licensed and vetted therapists available 100% online, plus it's affordable.
Just feel a lot of brief questionnaire to match with the therapist and if things aren't
clicking, you can change therapists at any time.
No waiting rooms.
No traffic.
No endless searching for the right therapist.
Learn more and save 10% off your first month at BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's BetterHelp.
BETT-T-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
We're back.
Everything's fine.
Do you ever see that radiohead, music video, where the water slowly comes up, I
am for Tom York, and he's just drowning, but really, really slowly, and he gets through
singing the entire song?
That feels like Jeff today.
He's my friend, like slowly swim, and just drowned out here.
Yeah.
But looking great doing it.
Thank you.
We've confirmed you're a high.
I saw a homeless guy that looked like he'd today, on the way here.
Was he also wearing a turtleneck?
No, but he was dressed very well.
I complimented Jeff's fashion when we walked in today.
What makes you think that he was on house?
Wow.
I'm trying.
I have to screen-share.
I didn't do this last episode.
I actually think I'd rather watch that than do this, so.
Imagine being hungover, coming to work, saying I don't want to be here today, obviously.
Getting bombarded by Jeff 10 minutes before, and then just watching him play with wires
and trying to pick Echo, fixing Echo for the next two hours.
Goblop the side.
Oh, I remember.
It's podcast.
I won't let you stream shit for this podcast now.
It was conduct.
You don't usually see from a conductor.
Tim Schultes took the New York-based Chelsea Symphony on a wild, slay ride.
Tim is a teacher, not a conductor.
He only got to leave the orchestra because he won a raffle.
They was like a carlburned episode.
I was like, how can I make them laugh?
Maybe by wagging your butt while wearing a kilt?
Tim was totally uninhibited.
He was totally the music.
Artistic director, Matthew Oben, was playing the French horn.
I actually had a good way from him a lot, because he was making me laugh.
Tim kept looking back at the audience.
The musicians already knew the song.
You think they weren't knowing you can play with it?
She sounds mad about it.
My favorite move of his was when he put the baton up in the air and kind of twirled
it a lot around like a lasso.
Instead of dignified drumming, Tim moved it up and looked at the orchestra.
Tim was once a Broadway dancer.
His conducting stint got ready for views.
He slayed that.
He killed that.
That was what got me going, was that trombone in the back.
He was going nuts.
And when it was over, he did what all good conductors do, gave the orchestra their
do.
In this case, the music went to the Maestro's head, Kenny Moves, CNN, New York.
Do you ever think that podcasting and news, they're all part of the same media legacy?
And that woman going like, and then he did something, no, what do you expect it?
That's like, you're all part of the same evolution of news.
Do you ever see that and see what you're doing and go like, we're sisters of the same
club?
Do you ever think about it?
What's happening right now is that everyone wants to be against me, but you're saying
nonsense.
And they're, them two are giving looks like we're about to be with you, just make a little
bit of sense.
Yeah.
They, maybe if you were saying this, they would have hopped on and said like, that's
how stupid.
You're saying that podcasting is media.
Yeah, yes.
Podcasting is radio.
And the news was on the radio before it was on TV and just watching that, like, that's
news.
There was a tint of everything was on the radio before it was on TV.
My question is, why did we watch that?
I was just, no context to give it.
I was so excited.
We took a break.
We took a break to go to that.
I thought you were going to get a kick out of it to be honest with you.
And that was going to make a joke about what have he had done in the gritty.
We have to move on.
Bad joke.
Shit.
All right, you know what, let's just do this one, and it was the wrong piece song.
Your shits were coming at the exact out and beat where they should have the song.
Dude, dude, dude, dude, shit, dude, dude.
Welcome to Master Chef Dairy Edition.
Maria, can you have Joel bring the ingredients?
I, I'll slack him.
And I'll be right back, talk amongst yourselves, but don't be too gossipy.
Where do you have to go?
He has to go to the fridge.
He doesn't have somebody to slack.
So how's it going for you?
We've both done this podcast.
Our expectations are met.
How's it going for you, so far?
I'm still thoroughly confused.
Yeah.
Did you have any expectations going in?
No.
I like to go unblind.
Okay.
Did you think you would have questions to learn more about you?
I think the initial idea of this podcast was to get to know the staff of head gum and get
to know everybody, were you hoping to share things about yourself or are you
so long for the ride?
I'm just long for the ride.
Respect.
Yeah.
Do you feel that this informs your job more?
Do you think that you are going to try to find some counterpoint creators to whatever
this is?
Like, shows less like this?
Yeah.
Wow.
That's a blow.
All right.
Welcome to Master Chef Dairy Edition.
I have in front of me three glasses.
Oh, that's not going to so well.
Eggnog, cottage cheese, and whipped cream.
Is this showing up on camera at all?
Yeah.
Ice cream.
Looks like coffee creamer.
Okay.
Butter.
Did you have me tell Joel to put ice cream in the fridge?
Did you get your shit?
Sage is bringing it, and I don't know where Joel went.
All right.
Well, let's see what Marieka has.
Was that ice cream in the fridge?
Yep.
So if we're playing the prices right, what are we thinking that's all adds up to?
Chef spent money on this bit.
This bit cost Jeff playing the prices right.
Would you say over under he spent $40 on the other side?
I've got to remember to double it because he did it for Marieka.
Right.
Okay.
But for our table at least, over under $44.
This is my bag is from a ride aid.
So if that's what you have in your bag, Marieka.
I say it could be over $40.
Carried gold butter.
Yeah.
It's like six or seven dollars.
Yep.
So probably looking at something around $100 for this bit.
Yeah.
Real dollars.
I have a gallon of 2% reduced fat milk.
It's called seven dollars.
Let's show it.
Yep.
I'm guessing that at our table.
Okay.
We've got a hole and it's just a court, but that'll have to do.
So good.
Golden egg nong, ultra-pasturized, ultra-pasturized, ultra egg nong is also ultra-pasturized.
I read that as well.
But ours is from a bourbon company.
Yeah.
You don't.
I was furious if that's alcoholic egg nong.
You don't see a lot of overlap with like grain alcohol and dairy.
Marieka?
Great commentary.
Philadelphia.
Yeah.
Pretty cheap.
Mm-hmm.
Floating around $20.
Easy cheese, cheddar.
Do we have $15 worth of dairy?
That's the question.
A and eight ounce, a carton of triple-churned extra creamy sour cream.
Okay.
I'm unnervingly slow.
The answer is of mozzarella, Sargento.
I knew that was Sargento.
I knew it was Sargento from the back.
And perhaps the most perplexing of all, one single baby belt.
The name of the game is Master Chef Dairy Edition.
You guys all have a jar in front of you.
Casey and I are going to be the judges.
Okay.
Well, then you need, you also need a jar.
We're saved.
And I have to get her back.
We don't have jars.
Do you have a glass?
Tell me what to do and I'll go.
You need a glass.
You need a glass and I need Joel back in the room because in New York, Joel is going
to be the judge.
In here, it's going to be a BKC.
Why do I have the feeling that this podcast is going to be evidence in a cake?
I die when do something awful.
I haven't even gotten to explain what the game is.
Master Chef is a cooking show where people try to create food and shit.
This is Master Chef Dairy Edition.
You guys all have an empty jar or a glass in front of you.
You're going to with these ingredients, one by one, create a dairy concoction.
And Casey and I will be the judge on who creates truly like the best tasting thing.
But you have to use all the ingredients.
So it's really just ratio.
You have to use all of the ingredients.
Yes.
Okay.
How are you going to taste it?
Are you scooping down to the bottom?
Uh, how are you going to get everything in one bite?
You can help me decide how I do that.
Okay.
Can I leave the room to actually do things?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Okay.
I won't have a microphone with me.
That's fine.
We'll just need the finished product.
Okay.
So Billy, Billy line the rim of his jar with butter.
I saw that.
Did it in the ice cream.
Okay.
So that's already so much dairy.
We've got Corey starting things off with like, I would say a half cup of egg
nog.
He's going to cut it with some whole milk.
I saw them all handling the butter bear handed.
I broke this stick of butter in half.
It looks like I've done so much shit to this studio.
We've got Alex being patient slash maybe boy cutting the game.
Oh, thanks.
I got a new job.
What happened to the first one?
I don't know.
I accidentally used to.
Ascle.
Alex is now the perfect time to tell you that you're pretty much
exact doppelganger for my therapist.
Really?
Yeah.
How is that?
How is that for you, mentally?
Me or Alex?
How does that make you feel?
For your use.
It makes me feel like I can share a lot with you.
That I put the egg nog as a spoon.
I'm using the cap for the egg nog as a spoon for the ice cream.
Okay.
We've got Billy feeling the jar with mostly whipped cream.
I think this is a good start.
I would say that Billy is looking the most
electable to me thus far.
I've spilled champagne in the studio.
Coffee.
I think.
That fruit.
I was on the hundredth episode when you were stupid.
That's one of my favorite.
Watch out.
Okay.
Alex has ice cream and egg nog.
That's she just pulled ahead in my eyes.
The butter I think is unsalted to be fair.
They all have ice cream and egg nog.
Yeah.
Wait.
You said that we have to use everything.
Yeah.
It's about ratio.
And then the white lotus theme song inexplicably playing under all of this.
What's is that coffee creamer in the white?
Oh.
Cory sort of shaking.
There it is.
And that's raw denim too.
That ain't no rental.
Alex made a tower of whipped cream.
Oh.
Cleaning tower of cream.
And it's going down.
And there it goes.
The tower.
Done.
Chef.
Thank you.
Can I try it?
You want to try it?
I want to try it before I make other people try it.
Yeah.
I mean, you're free to taste test before you want to lock the mark of a true chef.
It's a lot of way.
Yeah.
All right.
So what went into this?
Can you explain the ratios that you used?
The minimum amount of cottage cheese.
I put the minimum amount of butter just a little bit of both.
Yeah.
Then I hit it with some egg nog.
Some whole milk.
Some nature bliss.
Coffee mate.
Yeah.
And then I used the cap from the egg nog as a spoon for the ice cream.
And then I used the cap of the cottage cheese to cover and shake up the whole.
That sounds like you put a lot of time and energy in thought.
Yeah.
I mean, it really just tastes like an egg nog milk shake.
Okay.
So you want to dip your mustache in this too?
Let's do it.
There's been two mustachees dipped into it.
No.
Actually, you know what?
I'm getting a little bit of the coffee cream.
I'm getting a little bit of the milk.
This is disgusting.
Now I'm messy.
Oh, great.
Well done.
What am I doing taking this seriously?
Honestly.
Oh, that's nice.
What you just did.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
One of them has dreams.
One of them's bound to be better, though.
I will give Cory's.
I'm going to adjust them.
There's going to be a curve.
But I'm going to give yours a nine out of ten.
Wow.
Yeah.
Right now we're starting it at the nine.
There's definitely.
I feel like there's something that could be better about it.
Alex.
So you ready to present yours?
I'm ready.
Okay.
Can I come through this?
I'll say I'm intimidated by Alex.
Especially the finishing touch.
Yeah.
We have no idea what Marie has been doing.
Well.
I don't think she has jar yet.
I just want to mention how stressful it is to see all these open
dairies next year open computer.
Open dairies.
Yeah.
We're in open dairies.
What's the.
It's a, it's a concealed dairy.
All right.
Alex, walk us through what you've done here.
Yeah.
There's a lot of separation in this one.
There's layers to this texture.
Yes.
So I started with a big scoop of ice cream.
Yeah.
Because that obviously will taste the best.
Poured some eggnog.
A little bit of the milk and creamer.
I did a leaning tower of whipped cream.
Yeah.
Just assuming that most of it would taste like whipped cream.
And finished with a drizzle of eggnog.
On top.
That sound.
Oh.
It has a, honestly, very distinctly different smell of
an eggnog.
There's was heavier on the eggnog.
Like eggnog.
That was a big go.
That good.
Alex, I got to say, there's a dairy intolerant person having
diarrhea on your back.
That's something to the spot.
That's right.
I, I had high expectations for this.
It tastes the most like.
Yours really tasted like an eggnog milk shake that you could order
to bar.
Yeah.
Or like a burger place.
This really tastes like a concoction of what these things are.
Yeah.
Jeffrey, for those just listening and not watching, it has a very cute little
dog.
Dot of whipped cream on the tip of his nose.
You're giving me Gordon Ramsay vibes right now.
Because I'm angry.
Yeah.
I'm actually angry.
Because I'm angry.
I'm angry.
Yeah.
What did you give Cor arts?
A nine?
I gave it a nine.
I'm gonna give Alex is a six.
Ooh.
Damn.
What's that down nine?
Did you say damn or ham I said ham upside down nine?
Sure.
Yep.
I'm gonna give Alex 7, 7, 5, 7, 5.
I'm sorry.
Remember the bullet?
I remember the bullet.
What the?
I don't know.
I can't remember the bullet.
It's cheating.
You can butter it.
But I thought you looked really handsome without the bullet tie.
I think just in general, you're really handsome.
So he's trying to bank points and it's working.
You butter up when you play the dairy game.
Nice, I like the course a little bit better
because Alex, it was a bit too thick.
And it was pretty thin.
All right.
And a great speaking voice.
You just have a great speaking voice.
Thank you so much.
Really, walk us through this dairy.
It's your classic butter rimmed three layered
whipped cream ice cream situation.
I tried to ease off of the cottage cheese.
It doesn't really seem like there's a place for that
in this drink.
So what I did was I rimmed my mixing jar with cottage cheese
on the inside.
So she's going to be hints of cottage cheese in there.
But ultimately, this is kind of like a postwork out meal.
You know, two in the morning, come home drunk.
You don't really have ingredients for something.
You make a butter rimmed dairy drink.
I will say this smells the best of the three.
Wow.
Thank you.
Here we go.
Chef.
Sorry.
Second sip and ever heards.
And if you've any notes tasting notes or notes on your performance,
either is great.
Well, it's already vanilla.
Yes.
That's what we were going for.
Yeah.
The room is a nice touch.
And you have a great speaking voice.
Yeah.
Let me try quarters again.
Oh, I like Billy's.
I was I was saying off Mike.
I liked the work he did around the rim.
Thank you, Chef.
It really came through while drinking all of the cream.
Yeah.
It was light.
It was nice.
Thank you.
Refreshing.
Yeah.
I got to give him a 9.5.
Wow.
Thank you, Chef.
I'm going to give him a 9.
Point.
Just 9.
Uh.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You agree?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I liked it as much holistically as quarries.
I will say that the taste of quarries, I think, is better.
The texture of Billy's is better.
The texture of quarries is worse.
The smell of Billy's is really good.
The taste doesn't live up to the smell.
quarries smells like it tastes.
You know what, I might need to bump it up to a 9.5.
Mike, it might need to be a 9.5.
Thank you, Chef.
Bye.
The point five we've seen in the rim work, really.
What's like the rim work was, uh, thank you.
How many times do you say rim work?
Yeah.
The rim job you did was amazing.
Thank you.
So I just, I just feel like I deserve a moment to say something right now.
Yeah.
I really felt like I was just the out in the head winner coming out with nine
than you in the six.
At first, you know, I was going to walk away thinking that I had one.
I would have said, I really admired your rim work.
But now because I'm a sore loser, I will say that I was going to do that.
And then you did it.
And I'm like, well, I'm not going to copy you.
I just want everyone to know that I thought of that, too.
Okay.
Daddy, chill.
Was that, did somebody say that?
Or did you do that?
Mureka, we've got Joel in the studio.
Joel looks anemic.
Let's talk about it.
You look anemic.
That's what white people look like.
Yeah, okay.
So today.
He looks like he needs to go to the hospital.
Some general would be good for him.
All right.
Today with my ingredients, I prepared
a nice glass of agnog talked with Vietnamese cinnamon,
which you can't really see.
Is that the church is getting?
Is that all you did in an ingredient?
No.
You have to use all the ingredients.
I'm not, I'm not done.
I made him a full meal.
Where is the cheese wheel?
Where is the cheese wheel, Marika?
We know you got a baby bell in there somewhere.
Cheese dip.
Okay.
So dip with a mostly crispy cheese cracker in the side.
What the hell?
So Joel, if you want to taste.
Hey, it's Sarah's an egg nog.
Cheers.
To everyone.
I don't know what to give him anything on that.
This is good.
Good egg nog.
Great.
I think you should go higher for sure.
It's going to be tough to beat a nine-five.
Okay.
I feel a lot less confident about this, especially having
watch Marika make it.
Marika, did you want microwave cheese in a bowl?
With the milk.
And two different types of cheeses, but it's hard to make a case
with mozzarella.
It's very stringy, obviously.
Yeah.
Of course.
Doesn't look how you would want it, too.
And love that.
Is it you want it?
Love how you would want it, too.
I mean, it's not bad.
That's like a five point eight out of ten.
Damn.
If I didn't see how it was made, it would probably be closer to a seven.
I mean, you got to go higher.
If you were getting nine.
I should make butter on the outside of a jar.
Are you not a nine?
Something.
Yeah.
That's lower than my score.
But you know, that's what I want down some egg nods.
Like, I'm not such a good score.
Marika, you're far and away the loser.
So I have high standards.
I'm literally a loser.
OK, well, here's the last caveat.
By the way, this is a gourmet meal.
OK, here's the part of this that we didn't really
use good.
Egg nodgle up to a nine.
Excuse me, Joe.
Actually, excuse me.
Make it.
Joel, do you want to get a game?
Joel, can't hear you.
Oh, OK.
Marika, really, really this to Joel.
Joel also has to give scores on the ones here.
And Casey and I have to give scores on yours.
So Joel, this is just visually and texture wise.
You have to give a score to theirs as well.
Visually and texture wise.
That's egg nod, Jeff.
I'm not sure what it is.
OK.
Hi, buddy.
What are you getting, Corey?
What are you giving that one?
Jeffs, I'll give.
No, it's mine.
It's Corey's.
Make sure you know it's going to.
Jeff, treat it like it's Jeff's.
That's right.
Can you hear me?
Does he know that he can hear me?
He's not mine because I mean, he's giving me a score.
He's giving me a score because he thinks it's mine.
Here, you hold it.
No, I'm going to hold it.
It was Corey's.
OK.
I told him it was Corey.
Any, maybe he can't hear me?
OK.
No, he can't hear you.
OK, great.
When you're listening to this later, if you
fuck me on this, I will find you.
He doesn't know what to do.
You said that.
Alex is.
Just keep in mind that before I know he can't hear me.
They're eight.
Oh, why is he Alex's?
I'm twice as good as Corey's.
That's true.
Good as Corey's.
OK, and then he'll hear you.
Thanks, Joel.
And then the final.
Let me find the best angle.
He's finding the best angle.
No.
What?
Yeah.
He's a mute.
What?
That looks like a, that looks like a freaking 10 to me.
Yeah.
Oh, that was great.
Great.
Thank you.
Corey, please tell him I said, thank you.
OK, so let's do these averages out.
I'll move to that.
Yeah.
You guys, you guys have to rate mine.
I'm going to say 10.
I think she went above and beyond.
She didn't have to do any of this.
She didn't even have to do the show today.
And yeah, we were waiting just on appearance.
Holistically, you're impression of it.
I'd say 10.
I got to say 10 as well.
Great.
OK, so the, let's average these out.
Corey, I gave a nine.
You gave a nine.
Joel gave a four.
Quick math here.
22.
22 divided by three.
7.7.
7.333.
And then Alex, I gave you a six.
You gave her an 8.5.
And then Joel gave her, what, 8.5?
No, much higher.
No, it was an 8.5.
Sorry, it sticks to the rules.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's going to be 7.66.
So I have fucking sucks.
Yeah, Billy, we gave you nine point five, nine point five,
and Marie gave you a, or Joel gave you a 10.
So here we go.
Wow, that's nearly perfect.
Thank you.
Great speaking boys, Casey.
That's going to be nine point six.
Wow.
And then Marieka, you got two 10s.
And what did Joel give you?
A six.
Can you remind me what they overall,
rate eating that you would give my meal?
What is combined?
I think it was like a seven point two.
That's a point two, huh?
Yeah.
Cool.
I mean, we know Billy won, but just to get the final scores.
I'm moving to York.
And I want Joel to worry about me.
Um, all right, it was my final score.
Your final score was 9.06, uh,
fuck to me.
Be gone.
Yeah, Joel, really, fuck.
Yeah, get out of here.
This will made me laugh.
Oh, don't tolerate.
That's a good thing to laugh.
And you fucker, um, the winner of today's
Master Chef Derrick and his Billy Skiff Yurties.
Fuck.
Uh, Casey, how are we going to go in an hour?
Great.
That's it.
That's all we had today.
I had a white lotus thing, but I kind of
shoehorned it, shoehorned it in, orally.
Um, shoehorned it in, orally.
What?
A-u-r-a-l-r-ly, irally.
Orally.
Uh, congratulations to Billy.
Thank you.
Uh, you are the Master Chef of Derrick.
Feels great.
Yeah, how does it feel?
Sticky.
Yeah, um, sticky, very wide, very wide.
I my right hand is sticky right now.
Yeah like a five year old boy who's just, like,
had a lot of suites and came from the park in his finger, stick.
Yeah, of course.
It's what I feel like right now.
Um, impressions of this game.
we do it again with a different type of viscous ingredient
kit class. Probably not, first sure, first sure.
Just definitely a dairy shortage, right? Is there? I think so.
There was an ego waffle shortage, like a year and a half ago.
I mean, all of this is just going to get thrown out. Like, we will keep some of it.
But you were talking about the audio we're working with, you were facing a
butter shortage in October. So. But then they started churning out more.
That's really good. Let's do this. Exit interviews of Master Chef Dairy
Edition and plugs. We'll go down the line starting with Corey. How do you feel
about this? How do you feel about your performance? I started really strong. I got two
nine out of tens and suddenly was the biggest loser of all. And it's a bullshit game
and I'm going to kick Joel's ass. And I've got a show on February 25th. It's so far away.
This comes out on December 23rd. Yeah, that's the nearest show that I've got.
February 25th, it'll be at the Illusion with the Bandart Daisy, a whole part of the sketch group.
Social media. I'm at Captain Sadbeard. I got a good follower bump.
Yeah, that was fun. No, your episode was a hit.
People love you. I'm at Captain Sadbeard. So give me a follow.
Captain all the way. That whole full word. Captain not C.I.P.T. No. On Twitter, I'm
Captain Sadbeard. But I don't really use that platform very much.
Uh, yeah. Cool. It's a huge yon from Jeff towards the end of this. That was like a lion's roar.
Yeah. The Fox MGM. It's sometimes feels that the people closest to us were
comfortable giving the worst of ourselves. Like people a little further away from us. We
wouldn't show them true sides of ourselves, but then someone gets closer and they get worse parts of us.
Hmm, I would say that that's not true about the first time I met Jeff. He was just out the gate.
We didn't have a relationship. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Giving handshakes or he wouldn't grab your hand. He'd grab your arm. He, you're just a master at
making someone feel a little uncomfortable. It's like a little off.
Do you want to plug like, are you going to be staring at any time soon?
We're banking episodes so I can take a three week break. Wow. Yeah. What are you going to do with your
time? Be normal. Like what? Do what? I'm going home to Cleveland. Then I'm going to which
tuck hands is. Then I'm going to New York City. Great. And what are the addresses of all the places you
should? Alex? What do you have to plug? How did you feel about your performance in the dairy
contest? The dairy contest was touching go for me. It kind of came at a time where I entered the
shaky period of my hangover. I was a little worried about looking like a tweaker.
But I actually came out a lot more on top than I thought I would thanks to Joel
and you know the Ray reviews. So I'm okay with it. Hell yeah. Do you want to plug your social
media or outside projects? Join Gumball if you're a podcaster and Alex Berkman.
Did you hear what you got? I don't usually like to play your games. I've done this podcast a lot
and the more I've done them, the less I've enjoyed them. But really, I think so.
We've got the YouTube comments of previous Hedgum podcasts that I've been on. People have
almost hired of me being tired of you. So I was almost surprised to be invited back. But here we are.
And I decided to change your tone, change your tune, play the game. So I went in with an open
mind and I tried to use the ingredients in front of me and I tried to show them respect and
hopefully them together would produce a tasty meal. And how do you feel now you want?
I feel really great. And I want to apologize for being so salty to you all those other episodes.
Because now I realize that if you just play the game and play along, it's a pretty positive
experience. So I feel great. I'm excited to leave this studio winner and one more time, Casey.
Great speaking voice. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Casey.
plugs. How do you feel about dairy? Dairy is good by me. I have no issues with it.
Thank God. I'm down. I'm down. Like Donald Trump.
It's awesome. Yeah.
It's amazing.
I'm fine with dairy. If you want a dairy dairy, that's fine.
I'm not going to be here. You can follow me at Casey Donhoe and listen to the pit wall
and have one podcast for casual fans. Marie, come round us out. How do you feel about the dairy
addition of vaster chef and we have to plug?
I feel very proud of the presentation in meal that I made for Joel. I think that I was
at a disadvantage with my ingredients being different than everyone else's. And also at
an advantage because Joel's a little punk ass bitch. I'll say it on air.
Yeah, we just did. Joel's going to catch these fucking hands.
Wow. I think Marie got rubbed. You got me daddy.
That was great. Joel is great, but he is on notice for this because I tried to make it as
palatable as possible for him. I made a fucking cheese crisp in a microwave.
You got two minutes. His favorite thing was the egg nog that I poured and sprinkled with cinnamon.
So, you know, it is what it is, but I was whipping together a full case-o dip for him.
Anyway, yeah, if I can follow me on letterbox to write a letterbox at my collection.
Twitter and Instagram at Marie Gailon, but mostly letterboxed.
Got it. Can I pitch title for this episode? Yeah. There's something about dairy.
That's good. Yeah, I kind of want to laugh. Everyone should have.
About when dairy met Casey.
Yeah, you should be there. Something about dairy and then you could do a little bit of whipped cream in your hair.
Have you seen that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff Bordy on Twitter.
We'll come up with something. I'll start a group chat.
I think you guys will see me this for that.
Don't start a group chat for the title, right?
Everyone has their own work and stuff to deal with.
I mean, Marie gets right.
Oh, yeah.
That was a hit-dum original.